so we are live from Boston Massachusetts
and the first question I have for you is
we've been doing these series of videos
for about a year now this is a third
season tell us something about yourself
that you haven't already told this
camera you want help on the first day at
work well you you walk and tell us about
your first day at work just try and keep
up don't fall down the stairs he's gonna
fall down the stairs watch well anyways
so I'm basically at work I'm not gonna
say where and I was a went out for a job
came back out still learning the job was
my first day and well wouldn't you know
it I did the job that came back and
there's um a little seating area in our
office took the seat all of a sudden I
heard rip you heard rip I heard written
as the ripping sound like not really
ripped paper okay it's not like somebody
ripping paper so I thought somebody was
crazy a ripping paper you know so I said
to myself well you know something's
wrong here I looked down at my pants
telling it when those are grip all the
way from here to my crotch you can see
literally bad you could see my tighty
whities and the point is I'm something
they're stunned the storm look and
nobody knows I'm sitting next to a girl
there's another girl there my bet and
one of my best friends sitting across
from me I couldn't I couldn't believe it
had a stone look at my face and well I
put my Bible over you know try to cover
it and what you know as soon as I open
the Bible what do I turn to the day of
the Lord's vengeance the Book of Isaiah
it's now I'm sitting there with this
horrified look on my face and I say to
myself well I got it I gotta find a way
out of this mess man
I got my Bible covering this rip it's my
first day at work nobody really knows me
how am I gonna get out of this situation
so I do the only thing any genuine man
in my position would do I found scotch
tape why are you kidding me
no you scotch tape your handle together
hold on now this is a tricky situation
because apparently I could not reach the
scotch tape I had to get up to get it
and people would know once I got up so
wouldn't you know it man I had to get up
and my friend saw this look on my face
say hey what's up man my book off and he
saw it oh my god we got a wardrobe
malfunction back here so I'm the boss's
son
they started cracking up everybody
starts cracking up so I say to myself oh
my god this is the worst thing that
could ever happen so my friend the my
other supervisor is also my friend you
know is a great man they're both great
he gives me a some masking tape you know
I say oh yes okay
it's probably hot but I wanted to say
we're from New York
I don't know but okay you know the e
that guy's gonna be on YouTube yeah
anyways and so itchy all right go ahead
this is called the booty shot ladies and
gentlemen this is a shot invented by
athletes out there I'm not going to do
it I'm not going to do it I am better
than that you all ECEs
and I'm better than that that's right
I'm better than that I am better than
that don't listen to him you'll get your
booty anyways so you know I try to put
the masking tape on if I couldn't wrap
it around my leg
so I'm why couldn't you wrap it around
your leg be too big too noticeable
wait I think it's angry it'd be too
noticeable the gash was too big so I'd
have a wrap all around here my whole leg
here would be covered okay so people
wouldn't know so I decided to pull my
tear together
put the tape over it I came out looking
like the UH
I came out looking like the freakin
ghetto cowboy no put the leather strap
up here but I kept ankles Dingling on
those dangling over there
jingling oh is that the end of your
story oh no oh no it gets even better
because then I came out and the whole
office of roughs and laughter my
supervisors fall on the floor laughing
everybody's laughing beep everybody sees
me my tighty-whities
all right here put the camera of me
let me get this straight Jason
I asked you to tell something that
you've never admitted it in front of our
camera our video game our own YouTube
show and you admit to the world you
would tell you what that's the best you
got
alright that's moving on